LARGE SCALE METRIC LEARNING FOR MUSIC SIMILARITY
Daniel {Rosenberg, Erenrich}

ABSTRACT
Automatic music classification is an important problem in music analysis. In this paper, we use data from the “Million Song Dataset” to construct and evaluate music similarity metrics and metric learning techniques. While others have done metric learning on music datasets before, we evaluate which standard techniques perform best in both accuracy and time on this much larger dataset. We find that dramatically increasing the dataset size leads to larger performance gains than one might expect.

INTRODUCTION
Machine music analysis is a growing field in both industry and academia. One of the major difficulties with this work is that it requires large labeled corpora which are difficult to obtain. The relatively new “Million Song Dataset” provides the music analysis community an opportunity to scale research to very large datasets with little organizational difficulty [2]. Already many papers have capitalized on this data to solve such problems as playlist generation [4], music classification and song cover-identification [1].

Music similarity algorithms are especially useful because they can be used as subcomponents of algorithms like cover identification and playlist generation. Previous work on music analysis was often performed on datasets as small as just 5000 songs [5]. It is now important that we reevaluate these techniques to determine how these algorithms scale in terms of accuracy and speed. It is not immediately obvious that all of our music metric-learning techniques will be able to scale. Others have already shown algorithmic techniques to speed up basic metrics of music similarity [3].

We performed metric learning across the “Million Song Dataset” in order to determine song similarity. Previous work has mainly relied upon definitions of similarity as songs appearing in the same album or being performed by the same artist. Other similarity measures have had poor performance. We take the creating artist as our ground truth for similarity.

Permission to make digital or hard copies of all or part of this work for personal or classroom use is granted without fee provided that copies are not made or distributed for profit or commercial advantage and that copies bear this notice and the full citation on the first page.

c 2011 International Society for Music Information Retrieval.

DATA REPRESENTATION
2.1 Audio representation
The “Million Song Dataset” provides features and metadata for a million songs as generated by the “Echo Nest’s” music analysis software. This data includes such information as volume, length and beats per minute. In order to fit the entire dataset in memory and effectively work with it we projected down to a much smaller set of features. This set of features was strongly influenced by [5] though we chose to drop several features as they are not consistently populated across the dataset. Less than one percent of the dataset appears to be invalid or improperly populated since some values are clearly incorrect. For example: songs which are listed as having zero beats were dropped from the analysis.


音乐相似性的大规模度量学习
丹尼尔{罗森伯格，艾伦里奇｝
摘要
自动音乐分类是音乐分析中的一个重要问题。
音乐分析中的一个重要问题。在本文中，我们使用 "百万首歌曲数据集 "中的数据来构建和评估音乐相似性度量和度量学习技术。虽然以前也有人在音乐数据集上进行过度量学习，但我们
在这个规模更大的数据集上，我们评估了哪些标准技术在准确性和时间上表现最佳。我们发现
数据集规模的大幅增加所带来的性能提升超出了人们的预期。
1. 引言
在工业界和学术界，机器音乐分析都是一个不断发展的领域。
和学术界都在不断发展。这项工作的主要困难之一是
是它需要大量的标注语料，而这些语料很难获得。
难以获得。相对较新的 "百万首歌曲数据集 "为音乐分析界提供了一个机会，使其可以在组织难度不大的情况下
百万首歌曲数据集 "为音乐分析界提供了一个将研究扩展到超大型数据集的机会，而且在组织方面几乎没有困难[2]。已经有许多论文利用这些数据
来解决播放列表生成 [4]、音乐分类和歌曲封面识别 [5]等问题。
分类和歌曲封面识别等问题[1]。
音乐相似性算法之所以特别有用，是因为
因为它们可以用作封面识别和播放列表生成等算法的子组件。以前的音乐分析工作通常是在小到只有
5000 首歌曲 [5]。现在，我们有必要重新评估这些技术
现在，我们有必要重新评估这些技术，以确定这些算法如何在准确性和速度方面进行扩展。
准确性和速度。我们的所有音乐度量学习方法
我们所有的音乐度量学习技术都能
扩展。其他人已经展示了算法技术，以
加快音乐相似性基本度量的算法技术[3]。
我们在 "百万歌曲
数据集 "进行度量学习，以确定歌曲相似度。以前的
之前的工作主要依赖于将相似性定义为歌曲
出现在同一张专辑中或由
同一歌手演唱。其他的相似性测量方法效果不佳。我们将创作歌手作为相似性的基本事实。
相似性。
允许将本作品的全部或部分内容制作成数字拷贝或打印拷贝，供个人或课堂使用，无需支付任何费用。
复制本作品的全部或部分内容供个人或课堂使用，无需支付任何费用。
但不得为牟利或商业利益而复制或分发，且复制件必须
在第一页上注明本声明和完整的引文。
c 2011 国际音乐信息检索学会。
2. 数据表示
2.1 音频表示
百万首歌曲数据集 "提供了由 "回声巢 "音乐软件生成的一百万首歌曲的特征和元数据。
回声巢 "音乐分析软件生成的一百万首歌曲的特征和元数据。这些数据包括
音量、长度和每分钟节拍等信息。为了将整个数据集
为了在内存中容纳整个数据集并有效地使用它，我们
投影到一个更小的特征集。这组
这组特征深受 [5] 的影响，但我们选择放弃一些特征，因为这些特征的分布并不一致。
尽管我们选择放弃一些特征，因为它们在整个数据集中的填充并不一致。数据集中只有不到百分之一的数据
似乎无效或填充不当，因为有些
值明显不正确。例如
在分析中被剔除。